c:\users\shirazs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Buzzer\Buzzer\bin\Debug\le\Buzzer.exe
c:\users\shirazs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Buzzer\Buzzer\bin\Debug\be\Buzzer.exe
c:\users\shirazs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Buzzer\Buzzer\bin\Debug\le\Buzzer.pdb
c:\users\shirazs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Buzzer\Buzzer\bin\Debug\be\Buzzer.pdb
c:\users\shirazs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Buzzer\Buzzer\bin\Debug\Buzzer.exe
c:\users\shirazs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Buzzer\Buzzer\bin\Debug\Buzzer.pdb
c:\users\shirazs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Buzzer\Buzzer\bin\Debug\le\Buzzer.pe
c:\users\shirazs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Buzzer\Buzzer\bin\Debug\le\Buzzer.pdbx
c:\users\shirazs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Buzzer\Buzzer\bin\Debug\be\Buzzer.pe
c:\users\shirazs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Buzzer\Buzzer\bin\Debug\be\Buzzer.pdbx
c:\users\shirazs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Buzzer\Buzzer\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pe
c:\users\shirazs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Buzzer\Buzzer\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pe
c:\users\shirazs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Buzzer\Buzzer\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.NetduinoPlus.pe
c:\users\shirazs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Buzzer\Buzzer\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.PWM.pe
c:\users\shirazs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Buzzer\Buzzer\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pe
c:\users\shirazs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Buzzer\Buzzer\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pe
c:\users\shirazs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Buzzer\Buzzer\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.NetduinoPlus.pe
c:\users\shirazs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Buzzer\Buzzer\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.PWM.pe
c:\users\shirazs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Buzzer\Buzzer\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\shirazs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Buzzer\Buzzer\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdbx
c:\users\shirazs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Buzzer\Buzzer\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.NetduinoPlus.pdbx
c:\users\shirazs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Buzzer\Buzzer\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.PWM.pdbx
c:\users\shirazs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Buzzer\Buzzer\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\shirazs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Buzzer\Buzzer\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdbx
c:\users\shirazs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Buzzer\Buzzer\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.NetduinoPlus.pdbx
c:\users\shirazs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Buzzer\Buzzer\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.PWM.pdbx
c:\users\shirazs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Buzzer\Buzzer\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.dll
c:\users\shirazs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Buzzer\Buzzer\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.dll
c:\users\shirazs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Buzzer\Buzzer\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.NetduinoPlus.dll
c:\users\shirazs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Buzzer\Buzzer\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.PWM.dll
c:\users\shirazs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Buzzer\Buzzer\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdb
c:\users\shirazs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Buzzer\Buzzer\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdb
c:\users\shirazs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Buzzer\Buzzer\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.NetduinoPlus.pdb
c:\users\shirazs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Buzzer\Buzzer\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.PWM.pdb
c:\users\shirazs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Buzzer\Buzzer\obj\Debug\Buzzer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\shirazs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Buzzer\Buzzer\obj\Debug\TinyCLR_DebugReferences.cache
c:\users\shirazs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Buzzer\Buzzer\obj\Debug\be\Buzzer.pe
c:\users\shirazs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Buzzer\Buzzer\obj\Debug\be\Buzzer.pdbx
c:\users\shirazs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Buzzer\Buzzer\obj\Debug\le\Buzzer.pe
c:\users\shirazs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Buzzer\Buzzer\obj\Debug\le\Buzzer.pdbx
c:\users\shirazs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Buzzer\Buzzer\obj\Debug\Buzzer.exe
c:\users\shirazs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Buzzer\Buzzer\obj\Debug\Buzzer.pdb
